Rewrite ivy page, add template typecheck doc (#33152)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/template-typecheck.md

For both View Engine (VE) and Ivy, the flag switches between two modes, *basic* type checking (`fullTemplateTypeCheck: false`) and *full* type-checking (`fullTemplateTypeCheck: true`).
However, the specific checking behavior enabled by the flag in each mode has changed with Ivy in version 9.

#### VE basic mode

Generally, VE basic mode will type check the expressions used in the outer template, but not in any  pipes, local refs, `*ngIf`, `*ngFor,` or other `<ng-template>` embedded view.

#### Ivy basic mode

Ivy basic mode tries to be as faithful to the VE basic mode as possible.

#### VE full mode

* Checks embedded views, such as `*ngIf`, `*ngFor`, etc.
* References to components have the component type (but not generic parameters, because those are type `any`).
* Checks that pipes return the right type.
* Checks host bindings.

#### Ivy full mode

Ivy full mode is similar to VE full mode, though there might be some slight differences because Ivy generates differently shaped checking code.
While these two behave similarly, Ivy full mode does not check host bindings.

In `strictTemplates` mode, Ivy behaves in the same way while additionally doing the following:

> * Checks `@Input()` assignability. For example, in the binding `[city]="Bogotá"`, Ivy checks to see if  the value `Bogotá` is actually assignable to the `city` field of the directive you're binding to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Checks `@Input()` assignability. For example, in the binding `[city]="'Bogotá'"`, Ivy checks to see if the string `'Bogotá'` is actually assignable to the `city` field of the directive you're binding to.
```

* Checks that template contexts can be inferred correctly.
* Checks that non-null assertion operations have the same type as they do at runtime.
* Checks that `$event` has the correct type in event bindings, for `@Output()` bindings as well as DOM events.

## What is Ivy strict mode?

Ivy strict mode means that `fullTemplateTypeCheck` as well as `strictTemplates` are set to `true`. While Ivy full mode is similar to VE full mode, `strictTemplates` adds more checks.

## How do I opt in to the strongest checking?

One of the major features of Ivy is significantly improved type-checking, which you can opt in to by setting two flags `fullTemplateTypeCheck` and `strictTemplates` to `true`.

With `fullTemplateTypeCheck: true`, Ivy checks embedded views, component types, and pipes.
With `strictTemplates: true`, Ivy checks even more thoroughly.

## What do I do if Ivy's type-checking breaks for my app?

Template type-checking in Ivy should be mostly compatible with VE by default.

If your application passes full type-checking during migration, but still gets typing errors, you can toggle these stricter checks to help you identify and fix problem areas.

> In strict mode, the following flags can be set in version 9 to enable the strictest possible type-checking of template variables in [specific cases](guide/template-typecheck#examples).

Reviewer: The goal of this section is to describe how to opt _out_ of strictness on a per-setting basis, so I think it needs the wording reversed - it should talk about disabling the flags if needed.

| Strictness flag | Effect |
|:----------------| :------------------------|
| `strictInputTypes` | When `true`, type-checks inputs that are bound to components. |
| `strictEventTypes` | When `true`, type-checks events that are bound to components. |

> | `strictDomRefTypes` | When `true`, type-checks references to DOM elements. |

Reviewer: `strictDomLocalRefTypes`

> | `strictComponentRefTypes` | When `true`, type-checks references to components.  |

Reviewer: I don't think this is a thing.

# Template type-checking

Angular version 9 introduces stricter type-checking than version 8 with `fullTemplateTypeCheck` and additional type-checking flags that you can toggle to refine type-checking in your app.

> ## What's changing in template type-checking

Reviewer 2: Re-structured.

If your application passes full type-checking during migration, but still gets typing errors, you can disable these stricter checks to help you identify and fix problem areas.

In strict mode, the following flags can be set in version 9 to toggle the strictest possible type-checking of template variables in [specific cases](guide/template-typecheck#examples).

| Strictness flag | Effect |
|:----------------| :------------------------|
| `strictInputTypes` | When `true`, type-checks inputs that are bound to components. |
| `strictEventTypes` | When `true`, type-checks events that are bound to components. |
| `strictDomLocalRefTypes` | When `true`, type-checks references to DOM elements. |

All of these flags default to `false` in version 9, but will default to `true` in version 10, and be removed in version 11.
By version 11, the strictest possible template type-checking will be applied whenever `fullTemplateTypeCheck: true`.

If you still have issues after troubleshooting with these flags, you can fall back to full mode or turn off full mode entirely with `fullTemplateTypeCheck: false`.

> In this case we've made a special effort that Ivy would be non-breaking, however, you'll need to fix type errors for accuracy because if strict mode catches an error, it will need to be addressed in order to upgrade to future versions of Angular.

Reviewer: I think the points in this section are in a weird order. The primary content here should be about `strictTemplates`. Roughly speaking the resolutions are:

1) determine whether it's a real issue or not. often times the errors reported by `strictTemplates` are indeed real errors.

This is where we should talk about false positives.

2) Opting out of errors

Toggling specific strictness flags off can work around problems until they're either fixed in the app, in a library, or in the compiler itself.

Here we should have a table covering the flags and a 1-sentence description of their purpose, with instructions to jump to the examples below for more details.

3) Toggling `strictTemplates` off, but maybe setting specific strictness flags to `true` if feasible.

4) Opting out of `fullTemplateTypeCheck` in its entirety. If you have to do this, then it's a bug, and you should report it to us.
